===== Luminar Lost =====
Episode 1: Detective's Assemble! (5-10-17)
An act of terrorism! MMC Agent Garn Graves reaches out to his contacts, rich socialite Doogie Coopland, gotal medic and known technophobe Bendak Pavish, the arrogant bothan aristocrat Jelan Bell and the young omwati slicer Kavix Billin. Together they begin searching the wreckage of the 'Pride of the Belt'. They are boarded by Imperial representatives who leave a them with a Stormtrooper. Soon they find a mysterious group working on the asteroid that was the scene of the disaster. When approached they run and set a trap. The Duchess escapes the rock mine leaving them with more questions. Also you save the life of the ship Captain, who's body is recovered in a small miner vessel.

Episode 2 More Questions (12-10-17)
A short session, where the group meets with the leaders of the MMC and Ensign Keltz. They demand answers to their questions but we are unable to provide all the answers. The captain that was salvaged was brought to the med bay. Doogie goes to a party.

Episode 3 Independent Smelting (19-10-17)
Graves follows up a lead from a contact but before he is able to dig deeper he is pick pocketed and his contact is nabbed. He follows the trail to a small independent smelting operation with ZB the Stormtrooper. They enter and find all the workers killed and the assailants still there. They blast one and wound the other with a long range snipe. Graves is able to follow the blood trail, while ZB is picked up by the Duchess. The assailant makes his way to a small vessel like the one that the Captain Rhonne was salvaged from. The Duchess follows it to the dark side of the Asteroid where it descends to the surface and again another trap as beam drills tear into the rocks and nearly melt the ship.

Episode 4 Ground Assault (26-10-17)
The group on the surface is surrounded and a ground assault is prepared using landspeeders and two AT-AT walkers brought by Ensign Keltz. The assault begins, with everyone riding in an AT-AT until the controls are fried and the crew going unconscious. The AT-AT is re-crewed, Graves trips the elephant and bails out. Doogie now at the controls operates the legs into a whole. A drill is being maneuvered to destroy them. They take it out and some land speeders. There is a lot of action. Graves gets picked up on one of the repurposed MMC Cargo Speeders and watches the scene unfold. Doogie rushes into the frey, steps on an enemy speeder, one more gets blasted as he runs the AT-AT into a hanger that is opening in the ground ahead. They run into it fall down onto a large Cargo Freighter that was attempting to take off. Now laying on top of it having crushed most of what was in it they are in the thick of the fight. In the base.

Episode 5 Battle in the Hangar (09-11-17)
The scene opens up with the AT-AT on top of the ship. The occupants make a dash from the ship. ZB rockets out of the AT-AT tossing grenades and firing. Everyone engages in the battle. But the blast doors are finally sealed. Kavix nearly kills himself opening them but succeeds. The blast goes off and they now have prisoners for interrogation. It is revealed that they are just a group of angry miners, and that a mysterious insider had a guiding hand on the events. Could it be the LAV?

Episode 6 Gand Alive! There Men Alive in Here! (16-11-17)
Dante Inarro Rhone is removed from his bacta tank. Still very weak, missing an eye and significant portion of his right side. He gives the name of his missing ship the Luminar and the name of Anes Russon, an MMC Adjutant responsible for running an efficiency audit on the super smelter the day of the incident. Rhone also cites that he remembers a cat that he would really like killed then he asks for more time to rest. In the meantime a Gand is brought in by sector security. Nrolux is low on ammonia and has been caught trying to steal some. He is also a survivor of the blast. Graves finds out form him that there are other survivors, but before he says anymore the Gand wants more ammonia and drugs, since he is coming down off his high. Impatient Graves rips his tank loose from his helmet and the gas fills the room, leaving both struggling for air. There is a small grappling match as Doogie vents the room. A tense moment goes by before more ammonia is brought for the Gand. He is in the process of recuperating.

Episode 7 Promotions, Scientists and Such (07-12-17)
We open in on ZB-6286 in a debriefing with Ensign Keltz and Naval command communicating from Travnin. The conversation is summarized that MMC has not been good stewards and have eschewed their responsibility to maintain order and perhaps have even been the antagonist. Ensign Keltz is tasked with restoring order and is given a field promotion to Lieutenant. Suddenly the communication is interrupted when a high ranking Imperial scientist interrupts. He tasks Lieutenant Keltz with the capture and detainment of any member of the Dustweather Company. Most importantly Old Dustweather himself. 
They got to his mansion in Stars Acres. Find the door locked, blast their way through as he escapes finally with the help of some MMC Firesprays. Clues inside the house lead them to Adarlon. They board the Duchess and make the jump to hyperspace.

Episode 8 Animal House! (14-12-17)
It begins with the crew winking into real space. The MTSOP prohibits all traffic to the surface dude to a strange ship mysteriously alarming the Imperials down below. They are guided towards the massive orbital space station where several large luxury liners are docked. The Duchess docks and the crew are made aware that their prey is on board. They make their way through the casino and find a trandoshan wearing MMC gear. They stop him and find that he is in fact one of the two fire spray pilot's. He let's them know that Dustweather is looking for another ship of his that is docked on board. The crew finds the ship and as they are exploring chaos breaks loose. Kavix who has been operating on the control deck of the space station is inundated with calls for help. He isolates the wings and organizes survivors to protect themselves from the danger. Graves and ZB-6286 continue doing their search, un-compassionate to the goings on. They are eventually forced to leave the ship and address the excitement. Dangerous and exotic creatures have been released on board. They fight their way, through monsters and push their way past survivors. In the last moments they see a humanoid escape by an airlock before a massive explosion.

Epilogue to Chapter 1
The space station is torn apart a large corvette that was securely docked has broken away from and with part of the station. As the station had been expanding they have attached newer levels to existing ones over the hundreds of years. The fused modules separated under the strength of the mag lock and such a large ship jumping to hyperspace. The corvette and most of the station cratered into the planet, causing devastation to a significant portion of a hemisphere.


Chapter 2 

Episode 1: Grasping at Straws (6-9-18)
Two weeks have gone by, the crew has recuperated and now are back on the trail. The some pieces of the puzzle are missing as the investigators try to figure out where to go next. A hanging thread for the registration of the Zoo-1 leads them to Corruscant before being brought back to investigate footage of the dark figure in the armored spacesuit. It appears to be Chompers Dustweather, and that she is somehow implicated in the crater on the planet as well as the spaceport. The LAV is still at large, it seems like the Empire is less interested in them now and more in the Dustweathers. Still where is the Luminar, Graves has given them a pass as he pursues other avenues.

In their frustration and lack of evidence, the tapes on the spaceport being removed, cassified and hidden away by who knows, the crew threaten then fire upon an Imperial Officer - Ensign Mervs. What will be the consequences of this aggression?

When is the Luminar, where are the Dustweathers and what is the LAV up to?

Episode 2: Yavin 4 (Prelude) (13-9-18)
Moments after the destruction of the Death Star at the Battle of Yavin 4 a call goes through the Navy and all available Star Destroyers make the jump to hyperspace to blockade the moon and cut off the rebel base. The Death of the Grand Moff Tarkin will be avenged. It's less that 30 hours from the explosion when the fleet arrives, ground to air batteries fire and a few remaining ships make hasty evacuations or are blasted apart. The surface assault of the moon begins as three Star Destroyers (Accuser, Adjucator and Devastator- Darth Vaders Flagship) enter atmosphere and deploy assault carriers.

Auto canons fire through the darkness and traps go off displacing squads. Unable to regroup with comms scrambled the Stormtroopers gather with the closest squad leader ZB-6286. TR-4812 and TH-1141 form line and are lead into another trap! An auto-canon jumps from the ground as they dive for cover, not before TH takes a direct hit to the chest that blasts through his armor leaving him at the edge of death, bleeding out. The gun is disabled and TR applies enough synth skin to stabilize TH. Fueled by a few stim injections TH regains consciousness and the mission continues to a small stone temple. An astromech stands outside scanning the perimeter, it gets blasted and the squad approaches the gate, TR from above and the rest from below. An attempt is made to destroy a power conduit, and a droids voice is heard vocabulating an alarm. The blast doors close and they are barred from entry. TH sets a massive amount of explosives to break the blast doors at the same moment that TR is sneaking over top. He dives for cover jumping into the anteroom. The other troopers storm in and another astromech attacks TH crippling him further before being subdued, a reprogrammed AP protocol droid is at the controls of a power generator. No concerns is given to him as thermal detonators are tossed in and the troopers clear out. 
Once the generator is destroyed the comm signal clears and the auto canons power off.

Episode 3: Star's Acres the Sequel (9-20-18)
Standing over the unconscious form of the Imperial Ensign that Graves stunned a plan is formed. We return to the Dustweather business address and ask our questions there. Back on the Duchess and a short hyperjump later they land in Star's Acres, the wealthy compound for the richest wannabee aristocrats and nouveau riche that his a lucky mineral deposit somewhere in their hay day. 

Jelan Bell makes friends with an information broker at a carbohydrate ration station (Noodle Bar) and let's him know that he is looking for the LAV and the Dustweathers and that he can contact them with anything else he has heard. 

The rest find the Dustweather shipping address and blast their way inside with the help of THX. Inside they see the hangar, the personal residence of the Dustweather's and a door way that has been forced open. They make their way inside finding a damaged droid and some dried up blood. Analysing the crime scene Graves ascertains that there was a shoot out but the provocateurs had their weapons set to stun, ultimately capturing someone and taking them to a ship outside. Further alone they notice security cameras and are able to find the recordings, confirming the above. In addition to that is a journal kept by one of the Dustweathers.

Episode 4: Behold! Travnin (9-27-18)
In Star's Acres aboard the Duchess, the crew debates whether they should chase the LAV or go to Travnin. A droid head recovered from the abduction gives several clues to the last places visited by the newest missing Dustweather. Using invoicing addresses, jump coordinates, and inventory missives, they resolve that the it must be Travnin or Pointchartain. Jelan, Graves and TR all were in favour of going into the pirates den, when THX takes a definitive stand and pointedly states that the Squad Leader had orders to find Dustweathers, and Travnin it should be. They make the jump to hyperspace and they each prepare themselves in various activities, notably THX is sculpting cute planetary creatures out of blocks of detonite, sometimes using the detonator itself as his sculpting too for added thrills.

They make it planet side on Travnin and are reminded about a few things they know about the place. Jelan has heard a reply from the Bothan Spynet that Mondy Clese, is a former highly trained agent of the network and is an expert in counter-espionage. Also while he is on Travnin he should look into a missing network asset, a particular droid.Graves remembers that his association membership for Stars Detective Agency had lapse a few galactic standard years (GSY) ago and that he could likely find offices here for an associate and renew. The Stormtroopers hear that there is a famous officer stationed at the garrison, Lieutenant Commander Kross, he used to be in charge of training Imperial navy recruits and was a CO at one time or another for 50% of all current troopers at some point in their training. 

Graves goes to the Stars Detective office, Jelan pays his dues and meet Detectives Rocky (kinda met him) and Hostly. They let ask him to keep an eye out for Halen Toller, a person of interest (POI) in an investigation of theirs and that they will look out for any Dustweathers'. A bar name accross town get's tossed out there that it is a really grungy place with lots of interesting people, if they want to really ask questions.

Everyone agree that it sounds like a good place to start and they head over. They notice that the local security enforcement is very relaxed and the few Stormtroopers that they meet are not behaving to regulations. They confront a squad and then are cautioned about going too far into the slums, it gets dangerous. They pleasantly leave the troopers alone and continue but are soon ambushed even with TR and THX being with them. Grave has a quick draw moment but is subsequently shot and injured. The battle is tight and in the end the lives of two gilsarians, a trandoshan and a human are wiped from the galaxy, one escapes. Jelan performs a sadistic form of first aid with a heated blade, aggravating the damage. TRs makes a quick attempt using the medpack, he applies the synth skin and stimulant to get Grave on his feet but forgets to apply the analgesic cream which would prevent any scaring and infection. They retreat from the open street into a large complex and are greeted by robed man, with chains around his neck. "All are welcome and will be safe here".

Episode 5: Church of Infinite Perception (10-5-18)
Safe and off the streets, they are greeted by members of the Church of Infinite Perception here in the slums of Travnin on a relief mission. Yory, Horus, Harken and the main greeter Klav. Graves is deeply wounded and a little delirious and as he asks them about the church their message is very persuasive and profound. Jelan is also swayed to listen as he guiltily touches the bottle hidden on his person. The crowd disperses outside in the meantime.

Kavix on board the Duchess gets the message that help is needed and to bring a medpack and weapons. He decides that the Stormtroopers are most likely to have what he needs and slices into THX footlocker finding a trove of detonite. He wraps it in a sheet at bindles his bombs into the street. He comes accross the same three troopers that the others passed at their checkpoint and is stopped. They hear his story and radio in for confirmation. The codes for THX and TR checkout and his citation as a hero of the empire is confirmed. They ask him to leave the majority of the detonite but allow his to take a brick with him. 

THX is a little ruffled at once he sees what Kavix is holding. They bandage Graves and make the way out of the Churches complex. Stopping to say goodbye they see the members observing the a black slug they are holding in a jar.

They take the back alleys through the filthy slums to The Golden Puddle a bar of ill repute and some place that they can ask some questions. Graves and THX speak to the bartender while Jelan and Kavix meet and bribe a devaronian waitress of access to the security cameras. They place a holo-connected datapad to the piecemeal system and initates a broadcast on a signal he can capture once he leaves. Before he gets rid of datapad he receives a communication from the Imperial Commission of Travnin, inviting him to a feast and Medal ceremony in his honour for his heroism on the space station above Adarlon. It will be held the following day.

The mystery for Stars Dectective Agency depends as they find out that Hallen Toller was certainly confirmed as dead. Rumors swirl that he has been spotted in town with the Church always asking questions after each sighting.

Graves reaches Hostly on the comms and lets him know the rumors about Hallen. Hostly reciprocates by giving him a little bit that he found out about a former pilot for the Dustweather Shipping Company, a Gran named Ask Aak still living in the lower city. They get the apt complex and number to reach him.
He also warns graves that he is not the only person asking about the Dustweathers and that there are some privateering types as well, they arrived on three ships.

Episode 6: Night of Madness (10-11-18)
Now at a cross roads between going to sleep and going back to search the streets for Halen Toller, the decision is made to search. THX goes to the barracks and retrieves his confiscated explosives before they head out. One last stop at the Star's Detective Agency, Graves reads through a investigation file into Hallen and gets an idea where to start looking. Meanwhile Jelan takes one of the detectives weapons for a replacement.

Beginning at the scenes on the list somewhere in the numbered apartments of the slums between 175 - infinity, Graves begins to build a picture of vicious attacks done at close range. Hours pass as they go deeper into darkness as the last of the twin suns of Travnin goes behind the horizon, before they meet some rough looking individuals.

The individuals approach slowly as the Investigators decide how to react. "He is strong and can show you his way". They warn them that they will be harmed if they continue the approach, and the reply is "We no longer know of pain, for he has shown us the way, and like he can show you". Intrigued the Investigators wonder if this is related to the Church.

The assailant reaches for Graves to daftly bats him away, turning to realize that another group have cut off their retreat down the alley. A prolonged brawl ensues with batons, grappling, blasters, grenades and fists. Jelan is struck down and rendered unconscious. Graves and the troopers blast holes into the assailants who have resisted much before falling. They gather Jelan and feel with shout following that "Glory has been received and that they now shall see his gift". They decide to proceed to the Church of the Infinite Perception resolving that these men were not affiliated. As they arrive, they find a large spacecraft has arrived and inside they find heavily armoured men in red with the brothers who grab flame projectors and leave for the area they were attacked. 

Episode 7: The Scalpel isn't Sharper Than the Knife (11-01-18)
Jelan Bell is unconscious, and the Brothers of the Church of Infinite Perception think he is tainted with a parasite. They believe they can help him. They take him into a backroom and perform a surgery. They believe it is successful and ultimately have removed a small black slug from Jelan, They offer to take him to Pergitor their home planet to do a thorough scan. They do so and accept the voyage, missing the award ceremony for Kavix. The scan is a negative and they return without over staying their welcome. 

They land again at the Spaceport on Travnin and call Hostly and Rocky to catch up. Rocky is upset that his sidearm went missing and Graves feeling guilty of lying to his colleagues confesses that it was Jelan who took it. They all agree to meet at the Grand Design, an intricate twirling bar to talk about it. Things escalate quickly when persuasions become threats and threats become taunts and Jelan ends up stabbing Rocky with a boot knife, into his gut. 

The Storm Troopers step in and everyone freezes upon their command and authority. The Star's Agency Detectives leave and Graves is left torn between law and loyalty.

Episode 8: Making Amends (12-06-18)
Graves takes in Jelan to the Imperial holding cell to await a magistrate to review the debacle in the bar. This is where Graves own transgressions come back to nab him. As the Junior Lieutenant is hearing the tale of the bar fight he notes that Graves in particular was supposed to report in to now Sr. LT. Keltz as well. Keltz holograms in and gives them the 3rd degree for their actions on the spaceport above Adarlon. Graves gets a pass for now since he is useful to them and is threatened with facing a court martial in the future. 

Graves visits the Detectives to repair his relationship with them before getting some details on how to proceed with the investigation. Meanwhile TR meets with the famous Lieutenant Commander Kross, whom he has heard was garrisoned on Travnin. A veteran Stormtrooper that was a drill commander at the naval boot camp. While he is speaking with him the man lets slip that the system is barely under control. The Empire's grip is loosened under the Moff, and he is seemingly unconcerned. He has been attempting to put other security forces in Stormtrooper 'whites' with the plan that by their presence alone criminals will be dissuaded from brashness.

Returning to Graves, returning on the lukewarm trail of the Dustweathers, they decided to pursue more into the life of Ask Ack.

Episode 9: The Smallest Counsel (12-13-18)
Graves and THX make their way to the home apartment of Ask Ack and see that it was labled as an crime scene, complete with a tape that to monitor the ins and outs. Unperturbed Grave and THX kick it open and begin a search of the premises finding a datapad otherwise overlooked. Troopers show up and were easily dismissed by THX and Graves, given their clearance and authority over the investigation of the Dustweathers. They returned to the Stars Agency, broke into the datapad and found that his ship was docked above in the spire.

Meanwhile in prison, Jelan Bell asks for his one phone call. He looks through the business listings and stops on one he thinks is promising. Nearly an hour pass when a Jawa walks in. Clicking through a handheld translisrator he gets access to Jelan and reviews his charges and demands access to the magistrate. Jawa noises and squeaks go for a while then finally Jelan is let free.

He joins the party at the docking bay for the Red Star, Ask Ack's ship, noticing some strange pirates approaching the party Jelan approaches makes a smooth con, boards the ship and closes the ramp behind them.

Episode 9: Making Amends (01-03-19)
Blaster fire signals the intentions of the pirates as the boarding ramp closes. THX builds a claymore while Jelan breaks into the ship controls as Graves becomes a mechanic and manages the systems power.
The pirates blast their way in, rush up the ramp, the claymore is delayed and fails to take them all out. Jelan hovers the ship to the edge of the hangar and manages to keep the ship flying. Power is rerouted, and systems are online in time.
THX grapples the pirate, Graves uses a cannon as pirate ships join the pursuit. Jelan lands in the courtyard with the Church of the Infinite Perception and soon they find out that the is no leaving. 

A tie gunship is sent to recover them, and is hit with a surface to air missile along with one of it's escorts. They sky is locked down and finally noise builds outside the gates. A palanquin approaches with a black slimy hoard surrounding it. They are here to destroy the brothers of the church. Now they are caught in between something completely different.

Episode 10: Blaster to the Face (01-10-19)
The mob outside is chanting and they bring up Chompers from the back of the group. Looking very weak and ill. They force her to drink a substance and she vomits out a black slug that a volunteer ingests becoming on of the rest. They begin the assault on the base and Graves decides he should give the mob what they want. The slug sample that they had acquired earlier. Graves fires point blank in the face of the 'guardians of perception' the heavily armoured man dies instantly. TR-4312 chases him to the balcony as the rest defend. Graves makes it to the window and tosses out the sample, locking eyes with Chompers as TR bonks him over the head with his baton.

Episode 11: Traitor Hater (01-17-19)
TR packs Graves away on the Red Star which they arrived in as 'Thundersticks' set explosives around the perimeter. With the Red Star powered up Graves kicks the throttle and the ship at full thrust begins burrowing into the ground and through a wall of the compound. He runs to an exit and jumps onto the group among the mob. With the wall breached the mob pours in. Thundersticks blows the charges and the group is repulsed. TR in pursuit of Graves once again takes aim for a kill shot of the traitor and plugs a bolt into Graves neck. Deeply wounded and surrounded by the mob Graves accepts a slug from Chompers, feeling a sickness spreading to his body.

Moments later reinforcements arrive as orbital drop pods crash into the ground carrying more church guardians.

Episode 12: Get Out With The Girl (01-24-19)
THX, TR and Jelan decide it's time to go looking for Graves. The Empire is no help and so they ally themselves with the Church of Infinite Perception and lead the guardians on the way to find Graves.
Graves now with Halen Toller and finding himself without a voice decides to make a run for it. He starts a small fire with his beloved hat and spaceduster coat and makes a run for it when the guards are distracted. They escape to the same bar where Halen Toller was sighted the week before and are met by church guardians, behind them they hear the footsteps of the slug people. Graves drops to the floor as the flames fire from their guns and he crawls out the door to the feet of TR who lifts him up and punches his face, cuffs him and ties him up securely. 

They decide to take them to Pergitor for a proper trial and Chompers as well to be cured of her illness.