===== The Minos Cluster =====
===Episode 1: Mutiny on the Supersmelter (4-7-16)===
We met last night and had an awesome adventure, if I don't say so myself. Our characters found themselves leading a mutiny for the underprivileged and the downtrodden in the [[Mestra]] System, only to find themselves accused of blowing up a ship worth millions of credits and in the gunsights of private authorities...

===Episode 2: Escape on the Luminar (4-14-16)===
We met last night and met the newest character of the team, the modified light freighter [[Luminar]]. We found the heros dodging through an asteroid field at high speed, blasting corrupt law enforcement, and wound up taking cover at a safe house while things calm down...

===Episode 3: Royalty at Star's Acres (4-29-16)===
"Hi I'm [[Toby]]! I am SO excited to have been in your game this past week. There was a duel! And some nobles! And a PARTY! I love parties. And LOTS of roleplaying. We also got to meet Toothless's dad! He hired you to go look for his missing granddaughter, [[Chompérs]]. Is that not the saddest thing EVER? I wish I could come with and help! Anyway! Thank you for making things interesting! I am so excited to see where things go! OH! I'm leaking."

===Episode 4: The Free Air of Adarlon (5-12-16)===
We touched down on the [[Adarlon]] Starport, one of the most beautiful docks you have ever seen. It stretched out onto a rocky outcropping over the ocean. Unfortunately since the ship isn't in your name it's been placed in lockdown until the requisite ownership paperwork can be completed. We decided to deal with that later and first meet our textiles merchant, [[Ar Jaan]], over at the [[Blind Gerba]], a tavern in the Capitol city of [[Nova Alderaan]].

Episode 5: Adarlon Investigations and Crev's Abduction (5-26-16)
Finding Ar Jaan the textiles merchant who was fearing for his life, after being accosted by thugs. Sroff and Sumail entered a Fantasy-themed park, and dressed as wizards to escape the same thugs who were following them.  Crev pursued a legal pilot's license but no good deed goes unpunished: He was scooped out of the air by a large corvette, airspeeder and all. Adarlon scrambles a TIE Fighter to intercept, and Calo convinces the starport control to unground the ship so they may give chase. A space chase ensues, ending with Sroff making a Heroic difficulty piloting maneuver threading the needle into the abducting corvette's docking bay, just as it jumps to hyperspace. At least the players are together, but what have you gotten us into?

Episode 6: "Let's rush him.": Susreap's Flying Menagerie (6-9-16)
Turns out Crev was abducted by the LAV. They were bringing him to the Lord Commodore for questioning regarding the Mestra System Supersmelter incident. Diplomatic relations with Susreap Nov went sour when Sumail failed to understand two separate phrases in Talz, taking to mean he should jump the guy. A knockout punch later that would have made Armiss proud, our players found themselves in the midst of a running firefight back to the ship. Crev used an escape pod to explosively smush boarders and remove a connor web from the ship. Sumail opened the cage doors on the menagerie, and all the beastie wonders of the galaxy were set loose upon the Flying Menagerie. In retaliation the bridge crew dropped the disabled Suicide Pancake out the docking bay while in hyperspace... and our PCs find themselves reverting to realspace with a disabled ship, off the shipping lane, in the space between systems. There's a whole lot of empty space out here... 

Episode 7: Dead in Space Part I (6-24-16)
The forced reversion to realspace caused our crew to black out from excessive G forces, while the ship is severly damaged by the strain. Panels flickered and sputtered, Sroff awoke to find Crev impaled by some bulkhead support in the cockpit. Sumail awoke to find his weapons taken, and his prisoner, the LAV Captain Susreap Nov, missing. Calo was wounded himself, but helped the best he could. Our players drifted through the emergency lighting of the ship in Zero-G, navigating through clutter to get to Brainiac to restore life support and power to the ship. Braniac is missing! Susreap severed her connections and blasted off in an escape pod. Dealing with sabotage and putting out fires, our players were able to regain control, just in time for a critical failure to blow them out again. Adrift once more, we watch the stolen escape pod under thrust, becoming smaller and smaller in the distance...

Episode 8: Dead in Space Part II (7-7-16)
Crev and Calo were able to recover from their injuries, which allowed for the crew to be at their best for a killer race to the escape pod. The Aurora, a civilian ship responded to the PC's distress call, as well as an LAV heavily-armed transport heading for the escape pod. We met the mechanic Trann, who helped get the Pancake moving again. Sroff was able to get one laser turret working, with which Sumail solidly hit the enemy ship. There were some nail-biting moments, damaged exchanged, and Crev ended the enemy ship with a concussion missile at point blank range. Vindication! Susreap Nov was apprehended, and Braniac returned. We set our course for Adarlon, to turn in the LAV Captain...

Episode 9: Adarlon Pandemonium (7-28-16)
We're this joined by R-0G, a Zero-G maintenance droid. We drop out of hyperspace to see Adarlon burning, and the starports closed down to civilian traffic. Seizing an opportunity, Calo puts forth the idea to break into the B.O.S.S. starport office to get a datapad that will make the 'Pancake legal in the eyes of authorities. They fought off several stormtroopers, to have Armiss be hit and Calo take a life-threatening blaster shot. Sumail rescues his shipmates with a well-placed grenade toss. The strong, gale-force winds buffeting the coastal starport make landing difficult, and R-0G is swept away by the storm. Sroff had to catch him in the cargo bay. We still have Susreap in custody, and prepare to rendezvous at a temporary triage center set up in the southern mountains.

Episode 10: Forward Command Post (8-12-16)
Calo, mortally wounded, is rushed to a temporary command post set up to deal with the fallout that is befalling Adarlon. Our crew turns in Susreap Nov to the authorities, only to have the LAV Commodore, MONDY CLESE walk in and buy his freedom with a bulk cruiser full of foodstuffs for the starving Adarlon citizens. The acting Imperial prefect, PANA BIBBLE, hires the crew of the Pancake to bring in relief supplies to prevent 800 million from starving. Calo learns from his doctor that his medical supply shipment from the Dustweather pharmaceutical company was due in several days ago, and Braniac takes it upon herself to pursue her former master whose ship she detects docked aboard the forbidden spacedock. Taking over the engines, the Pancake flies into a restricted zone, and is about to be fired upon by two TIE sentry ships... Also, who was that mysterious Imperial Scientist?

Episode 11: The Adarlon Starport Part I (8-25-16)
On the run, our heroes take shelter in the destroyed Adarlon Starport, where something is amiss. They take down a rampant cargo droid and find the Dustweather Pharmaceutical cargo ship that Braniac was after. Now they just have to get out...

Episode 12: Braniac has joined the party & Escape from the Starport (9-8-16)
Venting the salvaged medical supplies into space, our crew find themselves confronting an Imperial Death Trooper, the elite of the Military Intelligence. In all his years of Imperial service Calo has never met one, until now. This one is in the middle of cleansing the station of civilian witnesses. Witnesses to what though? We also saved Odd Ibadulla, passenger liner pilot. Freeing his ship from the maglocks via Suicide Pancake heavy laser fire, Odd provides the distraction our heros need to escape. Our final sight is the passenger liner gunning it into the distance, being boarded by Spacetroopers, while Odd lets out a 'Yehaw' over the comlink. Nothing seems to dampen his spirits.
Circling back to pick up the medical supplies, the stars streak past into hyperspace as we set our sights on Canaar, breadbasket of the Minos Cluster. We have starving people to help.

Episode 13: Rainsmouth and Algae Beer (9-30-16)
The starship touched down on Canaar, an agricultural prairie world where they harvest algae for distribution across the Minos Cluster. We met some of the locals, had to rescue R0-G from memory wiping, and lined up a job. We took a tour of one of the farming operations, and was able to convince the foreman to allow them to transport the cargo to Karideph. There is no surplus food for sale however, and despondently placed on a six-month waiting list, our characters are contacted by the foreman's son who has an idea on how to get the cargo..

Episode 14: Finally Tramp Freighterin' (10-14-16)
Meeting the farmhands in a damp and musty barn silo, Calo and Crev are party to a plot to hijack a neighborhood farm's transport skiff. Refusing to involve themselves personally in the plot, they agreed to pay 150% the value of the foodstuffs if the farmhands acquired the skiff themselves. They met up with a slicer to purchase some transponder codes for the Suicide Pancake, finally making her legal in the eyes of the law. Some spending cash finally came our characters' way after selling off some starship salvage—and after heading off to pick up a full hold of foodstuffs, we bid the town of Rainsmouth farewell for now.
On the outskirts of town the family feud between the Ajas and the Paxtons caught up with our characters as five speeder bikes swooped down upon the loading of the stolen cargo. Calo was knocked unconscious by a length of chain across the face before repeating blaster fire from the Pancake's Dual Laser Cannons forced the survivors to retreat. 

Episode 15: Captured by the Death Bovine! (11-11-16)
Our favorite heros returned to Adarlon to fulfill a delivery contract, and were directed to dock with an Imperial Star Galleon that was spearheading relief efforts. Apparently word of our characters' BOSS heist made its way around, and the players were taken prisoner by a large contingent of Stormtroopers. Thrown in individual cells, they were interrogated individually about various prior events. Eventually Sumail was interrogated alone and upon his departure, the crew was set free. The cargo hold had been emptied, and the ship's stock of weapons had been removed. What transpired in there? Only one of them knows...
They also performed a drop-point delivery of foodstuffs to Karideph, and are looking to refit their poor dilapidated Suicide Pancake.

Episodes 16 & 17: Pergitor Breakout (December 2016)
Our heroes narrowly escaped their most difficult session to date! I sadly had a much longer write up all put together but Roll20 on my phone reloaded and wiped out my labors.

After following leads and dealing with droids, our heroes located Chompérs on Pergitor, and proceeded to infiltrate and stage a rescue of the detention facility. After a betrayal and a daring swoop chase where Crev's bike just wouldn't work properly for him, we had a most dangerous firefight. An Imperial stormtrooper-backed Susreap Nov tailed the heroes to the landing pad, who were engaged by the former captain of the Mestran Supersmelter and an ammonia tank throwing Gand Bounty Hunter, intent on retribution for the heroes who ruined his life.

Hyperspace lines streak by, and everyone breathes a little easier. Six months pass, and the Suicide Pancake is refit and repaired. The crew partakes in small jobs to keep them flying, and deliver small shipments of Dustweather pharmaceuticals before the work dries up. Chompérs sees a Witch Doctor on Yelsain in order to stave off her sickness and nightmares. Everyone sits down to share a meal together at the communal table, a serene feeling of normalcy after the events which brought them all together.

Elsewhere in the galaxy, Deep Space
Two Imperial Stormtroopers carry a containment canister down a corridor, containing black goo slugs of the Chompérs vomit variety. They are accompanied by Chief Scientist Trulaine, who brings the canister to a dark armored and helmeted figure, whom we know as DARTH VADER. He looks down at the container and the oozing creatures inside, as we hear his unmistakable metallic breathing.

Credits Roll.
Until January!


CHAPTER TWO
Episode 1: The Brave Little Toaster (March 17, 2017)
The Suicide Pancake has been retrofitted and repaired. The crew has regathered on Shesharile to oversee the finishing touches, and the crew has taken out a very large loan in order to cover the expense. They owe money to Yerkys Ne Dago, a Twilek businessman here on Shesharile. Sumail has been moonlighting as a small time fetcher for the bounty hunter Finy Coté, a member of the Black Star Faction. As the League of Accountable Voices organization fell apart, small factions have begun to surface to fill the power void left by the dissolution of the pirate organization. Sumail steals a ship from them, and is shot down by pursuers. A midair rescue is accomplished by the crew of the Suicide Pancake, with new additions, right before the Victory Star Destroyer, CHARIOT exits hyperspace in near orbit to dispense the Emperor's peace to the Shesharile den of scum and villiany.

Episode 2: At the sign of the Fanged Bothan (March 30th, 2017)
In addition to the tall Epicanthix named Jol, our crew met another passenger. A bat-like Chandra Fan named Flibit stumbled out of a cargo bay just as we hyperjump to Eliad in the search of Sumail's old friend. The crew hoped to find business from the old associate, but signed a deal for a drop point delivery to Trangfyyyr. Jol caused much trouble, seeing the galaxy for the first time and needing some economics explained to him.

Episodes 3+4: Shot down over Trangfyyyr (April 20th + May 4th, 2017)
En route to the rendezvous with Rook, some Ion-Cannon equipped pirates knocked the Pancake out of the sky. Attempting to seek shelter in the upper atmosphere, the Pancake fell disabled into a storm. Only due to the timely repair actions of the crew were thrusters restored in time to level the ship out before it broke apart in the atmosphere.

The pancake herself seems powerless, the temperature inside the ship rapidly falling. Players not present were loaded into the escape pods or the Brave Little Toaster for warmth, while the crew attempts to break the airlock and set out on a three-day foot journey across the glacier to Rook's landing zone.

Episode 5: Lord Sroff's New Chariot (May 18th, 2017)
Popping the seal on the frozen Suicide Pancake, a few brave crew ventured out onto the frozen glacier that has become the Pancake's resting place. In an attempt to get help, Sroff, R-0G, and Jolinth have fastened up a sled to the hovering droid, and are being pulled across the landscape. Crev, Calo, and Sumail were able to use the Brave Little Toaster's life support to stabilize the temperature inside the freighter.

A massive blizzard rolled down the caldera ice wall, enveloping our rescue team in darkness. Attacked by Zipwings, Jolinth proved himself the Alpha of the pack and they sought easier prey elsewhere. Back at the ship, a much larger creature eats a snowstrider off the top of the pancake, and the crew are in for another day of survival. 

Episode 6: The Cold Pancake (May 25th, 2017)
While Sroff tends Jolinth's wounds in the survival tent, the crew of the Pancake try to deal with a gigantic creature tearing into the top of the transport. Zipping out at top speed on the crew's repulsor-swoop, they draw the attention of the beast away from the Suicide Pancake. Sumail pours continuous repeating fire into the creature, aided by the Deathtrooper helmet, but to no avail. The beast's hide is just too thick.

Continuous weaponsfire and Trangfyyyr's cold elements drain the swoop of energy, pitching Calo and Sumail onto the snowy glacier. They have to run for it, while the creature catches and consumes the now driverless swoop--repeating blaster and all. Our crew sneaks towards the transport ship, but a misfired flare on Sumail's belt attracts the creature's attention. Avoiding a clawed hand with a dodge and a shout of "Now!" into the comlink, Calo fires one of the transport's escape pods into the creatures chest. Incapacitated, Sumail uses a fusion torch to end the beast. Then its mother comes looking for it (just kidding.)

Episode 7: Spaghetti the Pony (June 8th, 2017)
Calo and Sumail recover from their fight against the large Trangfyyyr creature, and discover the air in the Freighter is growing toxic by running the BLT's engine in the cargo bay. A distress call from R-0G before the droid runs out of powercells leads Sumail to tame a local snowstrider and name it Spaghetti. Riding off into the blizzard, he meets up with Jolinth and the two trek towards the rendezvous point. Losing their footing through the ice caverns, Spaghetti bucked Sumail and tears free from the sled, only to fall to her doom. Shortly after Sumail and Jolinth are set upon by chittering ice monkeys, who overwhelm our heroes for a round or two due to their exaustion. Eventually the monkeys are dispatched. An old scout ship wreck is located within the ice, complete starship patch kit and the modulator device needed to restore power to the Pancake. Finishing up the journey, they make it to Rook's Landing, a Wookiee monastery in the ice and snow. The grain is transferred, and our heroes blast off, evading pirates and jumping to lightspeed. But what do the Wookiees need all the comms gear for?

Episodes 8 - 14 (June through September 2017)
8: Jonny Starfire
9: Meeting Mr. Jackpots
10: Discussion of Sumail's History
11: A Thorne in Keremark's Side
12: Travnin: The Dark Lord Arrives
13: Armiss's Fall & Escape From Chompers
14: Cloudy with a Chance of TIE Bombers

Our heroes returned to Eliad from the ice planet of Tranfyyyr, and were accosted by debt collectors and Imperial Stormtroopers. Having nowhere to turn, Sumail called on an old friend for work, and was revealed to be an ex-Imperial Special Operations Agent. Confessing his history to the crew of the Suicide Pancake, the crew banded together and decided to right the wrongs of his past by helping Thorne, a shadowy Rebel cell leader, to topple the Imperial occupation of a local, ancient fortress. The players are pursued by an Agent of Imperial Special Operations, after Sumail is identified in the raid.

Making newfound friends with the Rebel Alliance on Eliad, the crew leaves to fulfill their bargain with Chompers Dustweather, whom they had rescued from the depths of an alien prison planet, and was sought by many forces (The Imperial Alchemist, the LAV leadership, and LAV splinter factions lead by Susreap Nov) who all wanted a piece of the "Ancient Mestran Weapon" she was rumored to have found deep in the Mestran Asteroid Field. 

After awakening some latent Force powers due to an already strong sensitivity to the Force, Armiss Satrell of the Trianii attempted to locate a teacher for the young Force Sensitive, her powers multiplying daily. After months of training on Yelsain under a local Witch Doctor, Chompers lost her teacher to sinister agents carrying out the Emperor's purge of force sensitives. Closing in for the kill of the student, Chompers was able to unleash withering force powers and was able to avoid the same fate. Her power sends ripples through the Force, awakening the Emperor's personal enforcer, DARTH VADER.

Vader arrives to Travnin, and seeks out this new apprentice, now lost and angry at the loss of more people close to her. He instructs and trains her for several weeks before the PCs arrive, purporting to carry the original artifact Chompers located deep in the Mestran Asteroid Field. Chompers demands the artifact, and when her old friends do not turn it over, DARTH VADER emerges and uses the opportunity to engage Armiss, a force sensitive himself. The players flee for their lives, pursued by Chompers, as Armiss yells, "RUN!" as he tackles Darth Vader and the blast doors close behind the two combatants. Those critical seconds of sacrifice allow the players to flee to the forward train compartments, engaging Stormtroopers, and Chompers unleashes Dark Side energies on the players. Eventually realizing the artifact is not there, an Imperial bomber is called in to sever the tracks, and Darth Vader and young apprentice disengage, one less force user in the galaxy.

Licking their wounds and escaping TIE Fightercraft, the players escape to Karideph, their faces flashed across the Imperial news nets. They locate a quiet tropical island to set down on, and make short trips into the populated planet centers for food and other necessities. 

End of Chapter 2.

CHAPTER 3
Episode 1: A place of our own. (1/04/18)
Dear Mom.
I compose these letters on a regular basis but never end up transmitting them.
We're on our cool new hidden base on Karideph. We've been working hard to compact the dirt and carve out a landing zone the transport can land on without sinking into the mud. Digging it out is no fun when it gets swampy here. My masters have been busy taking trips into the local cities and performing odd jobs. They seem pretty stressed, I wonder if they owe a lot of credits. The weather here is nice anyway. It sounds like they are about to break into the capitol and slice into the Imperial Network.

Ones and Zeroes,
Braniac

Episode 2: Breaking into the Holonet. (1/11/18)
The Kari albino known as XXVVizb led R-0G, Jackpots, and Calo through Karideph's tunnels to the back door of the Imperial Holonet Broadcast Station on Karideph. After a run-in with Imperial Garrison troopers, R-0G was able to upload the ship and crew's new forged identities to the network. As a sun rises over Karideph, our heros are working diligently on their smuggler's nest, with full fuel cells, supposedly clean slates, finally able to leave the system without being instantly shot down. The comlink beeps with a new message from Rix Thorne on Elliad, stating he as a job for you at your earliest convenience. Time is important and no one else gets the job done like Crev Lendrix and Co.

Inventory Changes
-500c 
-1 Brave Little
Toaster

-1 Toehammer Heavy Blaster Pistol

+1 E-11 Blaster

Episodes 3 - 6 (January through March 2018)
3: Any Job Will Do
4: Uninvited Guests
5: Shade Trooper Attack
6: Meeting Pol Dubak
The crew of the Pancake met with a shipping magnate who was confused why shipments weren't being accepted at Adarlon anymore. Upon investigation, the evacuation of Adarlon seems to have emptied the planet of all population. An Imperial warning beacon forbade all trespassers in the Adarlon system. Ignoring it, a microjump from the outer reaches of the solar system brought the ship directly in orbit of Adarlon…

Revealing the ebony-clad stealth Star Destroyer Apocalypse in orbit running tests. Our heroes' freighter was jammed with advanced electronic countermeasures, shutting down fire control and confusing sensors. They had to dive into the planetary atmosphere and take shelter in a canyon to evade pursuing TIE Fighters.

Onboard the Star Destroyer, dark mistress Chompers Dustweather senses her old crew. She orders the new weapon created from her black goo slugs melded with stormtroopers to target the freighter.

Deploying a single enhanced bioweapon, the monster ripped through the hull of the pancake and started making its way through the ship until the players vented it out the cargo bay, with the help of Jackpots who picked up the ancient Mestran flute and played it, stunning the creature.

Limping, the freighter swung back to pick up Calo, while evading turbolaser fire and TIE Fighters. Calo meanwhile had met a wanderer, left over from the planetary evacuation. Pol Dubak, once a freighter pilot themselves, was tossed onboard by Jolinth just in time to dive into the planetary aqueduct system and out into safety after a harrowing journey through the tunnels, dodging TIE Fighters.

Hyperdrive Damaged (Travel time Doubled)


Episode 7: Travnin Refueling (3/8/18)
As the mechanics of the ship attempt to work on repairing the hyperdrive, the freighter sets down on the capitol moon of Travnin for refueling, in the refugee area. Calo visits the crash site of the repulsorrail train in an attempt to scavenge parts of Braniac, but several months have passed since their encounter with DARTH VADER and his dark apprentice, CHOMPERS. Several small memorials to the victims of the terrorist attack on the repulsorrail train dot the area.

Left to his own devices, Jolinth is heckled by panhandlers and gets into a fight with three trandoshan refugees. We discover that Pol Dubak is an excellent shot.

-1 Comlink (Calo Pickpocketed)
-30c Jolinth on Souvenirs 
+1 Trandoshan Blaster
+Star Wars Smuggler clothes for Pol
-200c fuel recharge
-45c Landing fee


Episode 8: Trandoshan Tango, Part One (3/15/18)
After attempting to dispose of the incapacitated Trandoshan's body, his buddies come back and capture Jolinth with a stun grenade. After noticing Jolinth missing, Crev, Calo, Pol, and R-0G set out to locate him, and track him to a Trandoshan Freighter about to lift off from Travnin. Forcing their ingress, they engage in a firefight to rescue their comrade.

+1 Trandoshan Blaster


Episodes 9 - 10 (March 2018)
9: Trandoshan Tango II
10: Trandoshan Tango III
Firefight aboard the Trandoshan Ship! Rescuing Jolinth from becoming food, the crew proceeds to eliminate the crew of the Sissering Son. A distress call alerts local police forces and a TIE Fighter to come escort the ship to a secure landing zone. Not liking the option of facing Imperial questioning, Crev, Jolinth, and Pol blast the TIE and break for upper atmosphere. Disabling the transponder, they microjump the stolen vessel into open, uncharted space… leaving pursuers and crewmates behind.

Inventory Changes:
+1 Ghtroc 720-series transport


Episodes 11-13: (May 2018)
11: The Search for Sroff
12: Jillsarian Nerf Herding
13: Storming the Governor's Mansion
The crew are now flying the "Sissering Son", a stolen Ghtroc freighter lifted from the Trandoshans. Sroff and the Suicide Pancake have been left behind and imprisoned by Imperial forces. Regrouping, the Sissering Son is rechristened the "Graves Mistake" by the crew. One adventure they swung back to Karideph and dealt with a storm that was swamping their smuggler's Island Hideout. They were able to pick up the Brave Little Toaster in the storm after rescuing a group of Kari. Desperate for work, they reach out to their contacts for any sort of money to keep them flying while they think of next steps to find Sroff.

The crew picked up a cargo full of Nerfs and hidden engine components for transport to Jillsaria. However, their "contact" duped them into bringing the Nerfs, which were forbidden to bring to the planet. Intending to get the crew arrested, he arranged for them to break into the local Senator's offices. One thing led to another, and the crew were very close to being imprisoned, when everyone realized the contact was a fake, and a break-in of the Imperial Governor's residence was arranged. During the firefight the real recipient of the starship parts was rescued, and has sent the crew on a mission to Nim Baron, a multi-kilometer tall casino ship on the edge of the Minos Cluster.

Episode 14: Nim Barons' Casino (June 14, 2018)
Nim Barons, a water world in perpetual night sky, with glorious views of the stary heavens. A massive casino ship has situated itself here for the past year, with breathtaking views of the local Nim Baron's pulsar. The crew have been contracted by Rebel Intelligence to HALO drop onto the casino in order to avoid local patrols. The players can (once per game) call up a flashback to the mission briefing to change something about their surroundings. The sector Sub Moff is to be retrieving data about a new imperial weapon being developed. The players are to intercept it, and attempt to gain some information about Sroff's location from Soont, the best information dealer in the entire sector.

Episodes 15-16: Casino Heist (July 2018)
There was a casino, and a huge gambling game. Tall Apollo sang songs of Jolinth's exploits. We met Soont, stunned some Imperial Techs, sliced into the computer core, and escaped with some data regarding the black-goo bioweapon. Plus, we've talked to the databroker who knows that the pancake has been stolen by Susreap Nov, and Sroff is being held on Geseril. All in a night's work.

+20,000 credits to the party
+1,200 credits to Jackpots
- Any mission gear requested for the data heist

GenCon Live 2018
"Where did you get the Gozanti?": Imperial Court

The crew of the Graves Mistake found themselves in Imperial Court. The Imperial arbiter Pyter Tanos interrogated the crew to find out why they broke quarantine on the Imperial Prison system, Geserail. Revisiting their memories, the crew remembered braking Sroff out of prison, but they took on some passengers: other prisoners who had been kept in Sroff’s cell. There was a Gozanti cruiser involved and an escape-pod weapon.


The incriminating evidence: R-OG on security footage. As R-0G took the stand, after some threats was blastered to pieces.

One of the other prisoners identifies the security footage was fake. The crew is set free back to their ship, but the prisoners, Sroff included, are about to be shipped back to prison.


One of the prisoners, an member of the LAV criminal organization, harbors a dangerous secret. A secret the LAV are willing to break him out of prison for. And he’s got a homing beacon in his boot.
Penultima
Episode 1: Mostly Armless (Aug 16 2018)

Sroff, bound in irons, is led off to a prison transport. Our heroes attempt to pickpocket an imperial officer, but Mr. Jackpots returns it causing the recapture of the civilian scum. Everyone is reunited on the prison transport. Sroff does not want to go back. His hatred of enslavement empowers him, and he breaks his bonds. In anger, he smashes the Stormtrooper guard, and frees the rest of the crew.

Tsilok, a Rodian fringer joins the escape. He is able to bash down the pilot's door, and the crew wrestle control of the prison barge. They point it towards the imperial prison, and in movie fashion, careen around the deck knocking over Stormtroopers. The crew subdue the crew of the Imperial Transport, The Emperor's Reach and blast off with the intention of rescuing R-OG.

R-0G, damaged and in pieces, finds his way to a droid repair garage on the Star Destroyer. He single-handedly (manipulatorly?) blasts the ship out of the landing bay without the rest of the crew.

+1 Gozanti Imperial Transport, "The Emperor's Reach" (Equipment TBD in Trello)
+1 Sroff, -2 hands
+1 Tsilok 
+1 Stormtrooper rifle
+1 hold-out blaster

Episode 2: Starfall (Aug 23, 2018)

We open on a heavily armed pirate fleet jumping into the Geserail prison system. The attack is spearheaded by the stolen Suicide Pancake. TIE Fighters belch forth from the Imperial Star Destroyer. Our heroes brace for the worst as the two titans collide. 

Jackpots remembers his past, The Suicide Pancake is torpedoed and the heroes board it, close combat fighting brings you to Susreap Nov, who dies at the hand of Calo's blaster. The LAV Pirates board and take control of the Victory Star Destroyer, Chariot. Sroff has his cleaning droid vacuums up the remnants of the Black Goo bioweapon, and eject the droid into space as the credits roll.

+Suicide Pancake
-1 Mestran Ancient Flute
+1 T-21 Light repeating blaster rifle
+3 Fragmentation Grenades

Interlude
Episode 1: SalesmanShip (Nov 08 2018)
Pol Dubak, R-0G, and Jolinth sit around the ship's galley trying to figure out their next move with the merchant fleet. They make the executive decision to sell the Gozanti to the Rebel Alliance, but not before removing the two quad laser turrets and the tractor beam emitter and placing them in storage on the Smuggler's Island Hideaway on Karideph. They also sell the stolen E-11 blasters to the Rebel Alliance that have been building up in the cargo hold. In addition, they also draft up a two-year contract with the former Senator from Jillsauria, to lease the Grave's Mistake for 300 credits a month. It was more but the Senator dropped the rate when Jolinth showed him the stolen golden sword of his people. Their credit voucher charged to 117,000 credits, the trio head back to the 'Pancake. Their joys are cut short when Yerky's Ne Dago's loan shark goons catch up to the crew, demanding missed payments in full.. in blood.

-Gozanti Cruiser
-Graves Mistake (Rented Out)
-1 Jillsaurian Senatorial Sword
+84,000 credits
+2 Quad Laser Cannons
+1 Tractor Beam Emplacement


Episode 2: Bribes, Bases & Beyond (Nov 15 2018)

Tonight our intrepid heros talked their way out of a bad situation. A cool ten thousand credits was enough to bribe Jonny Starfire and his goons into them "never having run into the crew". A few hyperjumps later to throw off any pursuit, the 'Pancake arrived at Alkonost, a sleepy mining system. Arriving at space station Lacekay Stanbend, they headed to the local credit exchange. Amid the frying smells of alien food, and accosted by street urchins, the crew paid off the debt in full and wired the loan shark, Yerkys Ne Dago, the money for the loan so many months ago.

Our heroes purchase construction equipment, building, and powerplant materials, and fly off into the Karideph sunset to finish construction of their small smuggler’s base.



